"1 McSweeney?s is a nonprofit publishing company based in San Francisco. As well as operating a daily humor website, we also publish Timothy McSweeney?s Quarterly Concern, Illustoria Magazine, and an ever-growing selection of books under various imprints. You can buy all of these things from our online store. You can support us today by making a donation.McSweeney?s exists to champion ambitious and inspired new writing, and to challenge conventional expectations about where it?s found, how it looks, and who participates.We?re here to discover things we love, help them find their most resplendent form, and imagine new ways to bring them to you, Dennis. (If you are not Dennis, kindly ignore the aforementioned."
"2 At The Yale Review, we believe in the power of connecting great minds across disciplines, backgrounds, and generations. As a renowned journal of literature and ideas, TYR has been privileged to publish both established names and rising literary talent, including Virginia Woolf, Robert Lowell, Thomas Mann, Bayard Rustin, Louise Glck, Adrienne Rich, Jos‚ Ortega y Gassett, Joyce Carol Oates, James Merrill, Cathy Park Hong, Sheila Heti, and Namwali Serpell. Today, TYR continues to evolve under our new editor Meghan O?Rourke, an acclaimed poet, memoirist, and critic.O?Rourke ushered TYR into its third century of publication by relaunching the magazine in May 2021 as a print and digital publication, with a new website that features original content as well as gems from TYR's incomparable archive. In late 2020, TYR also launched a new event series, TYR Talks, which has brought hundreds of new readers to the magazine. In the past year, we have seen our readership triple, and we look forward to growing our community even further as our presence expands online. The new TYR remains committed to a tradition of editorial excellence and painstaking curation, a site where readers can discover new literature by the best writers of our era alongside engaged, passionate criticism that is beautifully written and powerfully thought. With our new membership program, we hope to invite our readers into an inclusive community of people who care deeply about the written word."
"3 This magazine aims to merge the worlds of Art & Literature in a way that the combinations inspire the reader in a plethora of ways, following the threads of synergy that these two worlds create.Suburban Witchcraft? as a fusion of words, is aching to represent the sentiment of the magic of strangeness, otherness and the ever-blooming urge to create, despite circumstances, the expectations and poured-over concrete. When creating the magazine, the name was derived from a photography project and the notion that in the suburbs, the veils between creatures, souls and liminal spaces are the most blurred, and how in the world of today that plagues us with various disdain, rebelling against and despite its darkness with love, compassion and humanity often feels like witchcraft."
"4 Taco Bell Quarterly seeks literary/creative essays, short stories, fiction/prose, poems, comics, art, one act plays, fever dreams, multimedia, stupid status updates, criticisms, manifestos, recipes and anything else that explore any and all elements of Taco Bell. Or not. Shoehorn a chalupa in your short story. Maybe we?ll love it. An elegy for the discontinued menu items? Fine. An experimental essay about marine biology and the XXL Grilled Stuft Burrito? Awesome. Review the new Beefy Fritos Burrito and how it reminds you of the time your grandma died? We want it. Something that introduces us to inventive form, dynamic language, and strong voice. Or perhaps it does none of the above. We?re not judgey and pretentious. We?re the Taco Bell fucking Quarterly. We lean towards pieces that are queer and center their pain/joy in a Taco Bell."
"5 We welcome all types of poetry (including, but not limited to, narrative, experimental, visual, found and erasure poetry). We also accept poetry in translation, and collaborative poems. We accept submissions of book reviews, interviews, and essays on poetics."
"6 The Acentos Review shoots from the spring that is the Acentos Bronx Poetry Showcase and The Acentos Foundation in supporting the work of Latinx writers. The Acentos Review publishes poetry, fiction, memoir, interviews, translations, and artwork by emerging and established Latinx writers and artists four times a year. The LatinX community is international and so, too, do we pledge to represent that international community. We welcome submissions in English, Spanish, Portuguese, a combination of two languages, as well as the use of indigenous languages. The debate may rage forever as to who or what constitutes Latinx art. Here, there is no such identity crisis. We are already here, writing the histories of our neighborhoods, following the traditions of our ancestors, as well as the poetic traditions that came before us. To paraphrase Baldwin, the poet's task as historian is to keep the story new, even when the telling is costly. This is the aesthetic we foster at Acentos. It is always about the word, the work, and it all begins here."
"7 Aethlon: The Journal of Sport Literature is a print journal designed to celebrate the intersection of literature with the world of play, games, and sport.The Journal of Sport Literature publishes works about sport and sport literature, including original fiction and poetry, juried scholarly and critical essays, and book reviews."
"8 DIAGRAM is an online literary magazine founded in 2000 and based in Tucson, Arizona. Edited by Ander Monson, the magazine is known for its innovative approach, featuring text and art with a special interest in representations, schematics, labeling, and taxonomy. DIAGRAM publishes poetry, fiction, creative nonfiction, and works that blur genre boundaries, often accompanied by unique diagrams and schematics.As our name indicates, we're interested in representations. In naming. In indicating.In schematics. In the labelling and taxonomy of things. In poems that masquerade as stories; in stories that disguise themselves as indices or obituaries."
"9 We accept everything. Text-based. Visual. Text-visual. Experimental film. Experimental music. Anything really, really out there."
"10 We are on the lookout for contemporary literary fiction and poetry. We have a soft spot for the non-traditional ? those pieces that might not easily fit into the conventional publishing mold. In other words, we like the weird. That said, we're about quality. If your work is compelling, and is of high craftsmanship, we will be happy to consider it. We are open to your fiction, poetry, experiments, vignettes, manifestos, and essays exploring politics, current events, literature, philosophy. And good news ? submitting your work is completely free. Looking forward to seeing your best ? send it our way!"
"11 Action, Spectacle welcomes submissions via Submittable year-round, in English and previously unpublished. Simultaneous and unsolicited submissions are encouraged as long as we are notified immediately if the manuscript is accepted for publication elsewhere. ?We employ the broadest possible aesthetic when we read. We encourage submissions of work that is more traditional or explicitly experimental, linear or non-linear, concrete or abstract, narrative or gestural, concerned with the natural world, the self, urban spaces, history, &c."
"12 We appreciate good writing in any genre. We especially like edgy writing that offers insight into darkness. We prefer character-driven stories as opposed to plot-driven ones. We relish a piece with a great deal of heart and more than a little bit of Truth (note the capital ""T""). We want to read a story that makes us feel edified or philosophical or amused or creeped out or angry or melancholy or inspired or, best yet, all of these things together. We want to read a story we simply can?t put down. We generally don?t enjoy science fiction, unless a particularly well-written story rises above the ordinary to engage the heart as well as the mind. We despise clich‚. We find stories that include gratuitous violence distasteful. Sexism, racism, or other forms of intolerance are intolerable to us. That said, you can certainly reveal a character through his/her prejudices; just don't use a story to perpetuate negative stereotypes or ignorance. The world is already bursting with both."
"13 ?Agapanthus? Amaryllidaceae agapanthus From the Greek Roots ?Agape?, meaning ?the highest form of love, selfless love?, and ?Anthos?, meaning ?flower? Lit. Meaning: Flower of Love ? We believe that all literary works ? be it three lines of the weirdest micro poetry, or pages upon pages of speculative fiction ? are born out of love; be it the labor of love put into every character and every word, or a testament of love to a higher concept, or even another individual. Literary works need not be about love to be still be full of love, care, and consideration. As such, it is our policy to treat each work with equal care by reading blind, and giving as much feedback (if desired) as possible to every work we receive. ? As a small group, we publish biannual online collections of works, as well as a myriad of works on our website weekly."
"14 Our literary journal, ionosphere, focuses on the relationship between science, technology, and the human experience. We welcome submissions in a variety of styles and forms, from traditional to experimental, and are encouraging submissions from writers of all backgrounds. If you have work that fits these themes, we encourage you to submit it for consideration."
"15 Simply put, Across the Margin is an online Arts & Culture magazine / publishing company / media group. Within these ?pages? can be found an eclectic mix of fiction, criticism, essays, satire, poetry, podcasts, and more that explore the current state of the world around us, and the depths of our human nature."
"16 We take our name from the dotted line on a graph that a mathematical function may tend toward, but never reach. Similarly, a translated text may never fully replicate the effect of the original; it is its own creative act. Our mission is simple: to unlock the literary treasures of the world. To date, our magazine has featured work from 128 countries and 115 languages, all never-before-published poetry, fiction, nonfiction, drama, and interviews by writers and translators such as Haruki Murakami, Lydia Davis, L szl¢ Krasznahorkai, Geetanjali Shree, Michael Hofmann, Mary Gaitskill, C‚sar Aira, Thomas Bernhard, Valeria Luiselli, Toma? ?alamun, Adonis, Chang Kuei-hsin, Dubravka Ugre?i?, Viet Thanh Nguyen, Kim Hyesoon, Edith Grossman, Can Xue, Eliot Weinberger, Mircea C?rt?rescu, Etel Adnan, Yiyun Li, Mahmoud Dowlatabadi, Douglas Kearney, and Bruno Latour. We are proud to count among our contributors 17 Nobel Prizewinners (including Olga Tokarczuk, before she became the 2018 laureate)."
"17 One day in the summer of 2013, three friends came together to discuss their common interests in literature, arts, philosophy, and culture. Towards midnight when the discussion ended, the spark of an idea had formed within the three, which would keep them awake through the rest of the night. And that is how The Bangalore Review began.The Bangalore Review is a monthly online magazine aimed at promoting literature, arts, culture, criticism, and philosophy at a deeper level. Conforming to our mission of giving back to society, the magazine will remain a non-profit venture and is currently managed by Spanning Minds, Inc. (USA)."
"19 AURORE is real, non-fiction erotica, written by amateurs?not to suggest our writers aren?t brilliant, they are, but don?t expect to find anything formulaic or tired here. 
Our favorite erotic stories are emotional and raw, so we work one-on-one with writers to create complex stories that take a positive stance on sex, while remaining wildly relatable.We?re committed to representing voices outside the mainstream, to creating the content we want to consume: sensual, intelligent, sexy stories by feminist and LGBTQ+ writers. And yes! You can use a pen name."
"19 Based in Belfast, Northern Ireland, we are an international team of creatives committed to championing the arts as an important part of the peace and reconciliation process, both at home and around the world. We believe in the human spirit's potential for creativity, resilience, and healing. The future is what we create, here and now. The future is ""us."""
"20 African Writer Magazine is a New Jersey-based monthly publication that celebrates established and emerging African writers, literature and ideas. For two decades, we have laid out a conspicuous platform showcasing the best of contributions from African Writers worldwide. The website is wholly powered by volunteers. We?ve been here a while. The actual journey started in 2001 as the Writers Write section of another website, the now defunct Nigeriansinamerica.com. Back then, Chinua Achebe and Wole Soyinka were arguably the only African writers mentioned online."
"21 We aim to publish poetry that adds value to the life of our readers.We hope to offer, sustain, and nourish a kind, inviting, and thoughtful community.We remain pleased and humbled to have been listed as one of the best poetry magazines by Book Riot."
"22 It is the editors? belief that American literature is thriving, both in terms of aesthetics and cultural inclusiveness. Waxwing believes that American voices are, at their cores, both multicultural and multinational, and so the editors? mission is to include American writers from all cultural identities ? in terms of race, ethnicity, indigenous tribe, gender, class, sexuality, age, education, ability, language, religion, and region ? alongside international voices, published bilingually. Waxwing aims to broadcast as widely as possible, in each and every issue, singular voices ? and to hear these voices together, in all their harmony and dissonance."
"23 Muzzle Magazine is an online literary magazine focused on poetry and reviews, known for publishing work that is revolutionary, revelatory, and rooted in diverse voices. 
Established in 2010, it is recognized for its commitment to uplifting marginalized communities, prioritizing submissions by BIPOC, LGBTQIA+, and disabled authors.
For the past decade, Muzzle Magazine has published writing of revolution and revelation, and in 2020, on the precipice of a new decade, we will continue seeking submissions that move us not just in feeling, but also in intention.
We resist the notion that a journal must have a fixed aesthetic, or that submissions for a new issue should mimic the style or approach of poems in previous issues. Instead, we are looking for poems that move (us) beyond."
"24 The CryptoNaturalist podcast is a scripted, audio-fiction show in the tradition of classic nature documentaries, but profoundly weirder. The podcast has been called ""Night Vale meets A Prairie Home Companion"" and ""David Attenborough meets The X Files."" The CryptoNaturalist loves cryptids (hidden creatures like Big Foot), but focuses solely on creatures you've never encountered before. 

Expect new and amazing animals, otherworldly locations, earnest love for the natural world, featured fiction and poetry from talented contributors, and field reports from fascinating lovers of strange nature. Guest voices have been provided by folks like Hank Green, Justin McElroy, and Cecil Baldwin."
"25 The Belladonna is a comedy and satire site by women and other marginalized genders, for everyone. We accept submissions on an ongoing basis ? please read our submission guidelines here! We provide feedback to all pieces we do not accept, as a core part of our mission to nurture and support writers at all stages of their career."
"26 Messy Misfits Club zine is looking for stories with out of bounds content? We want to be raw, rebellious and let our voices be heard. The Messy Misfits are meant to be downright dirty!Messy Misfits Club wants you to meet the team behind the zine. Flower and Emma are both creative powerhouses dedicating their abilities to uplifting the voices of marginalized and typically censored groups. Flower chooses to remain anonymous at this time, but is a major part of our team and deserves just as much recognition for her effort and passion toward this zine! Baby & Helen all joined the team later on in hopes to continue improving the zine and the message behind it."
"27 The South Carolina Review is reimagining the Southern Literary Magazine, continuing in the spirit of literary innovation found in the works of writers such as O?Connor, Faulkner, Hurston, Welty, Walker, Dickey, and Ellison while expanding our gaze and range to encompass the best of contemporary literature from a variety of perspectives. We attempt to reflect the diverse experience of our readers and contributors by publishing affecting, thought-provoking work from both new and established writers from a wide background.Founded in 1968 at Furman University, The South Carolina Review is now housed at Clemson University, where it has been since 1973. It has published notable works by authors such as Joyce Carol Oates, Kurt Vonnegut, Elizabeth Strout, and Ron Rash. In celebration of our 50th anniversary, we are adopting an all new look and style, one that suggests our new vision while retaining a classic feel, past and future converging in the present."
"28 Mission 
Our longstanding mission is to seek out and share work of fresh and lasting power, poems that speak startling, complicated, necessary truths and that do so in surprising and beautiful ways. Since 1950, the BPJ has cleaved to a set of editorial practices that enable discovery of vibrant new voices and that foster long-lasting relationships with some of the most gifted, important poets of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. 
Our aim is to offer work that pushes boundaries of content, aesthetic, and form?to showcase what?s becoming of contemporary poetry?and we do so the old fashioned way. Senior staff read each submission thoroughly and openheartedly; when a poem moves, informs, and inspires us, we forward it to the entire editorial board, a group of about a half dozen skilled volunteer readers. These readers weigh in, and what continues to engage the group comes with us to the next biannual editorial board meeting.At these three-day sessions, we bunk in together, take our meals together, read poems aloud, and discuss their merits until we?ve selected an issue from among the most finely wrought, revelatory, and world-aware poems in the set. This process forces us to read with the closest possible attention, to articulate our appetites and judgments clearly and convincingly, and to take the kinds of risks a single editor might wind up talking herself out of.As a result, we?re known for publishing long poems other journals won?t make space for. We?re known for publishing formally challenging poems, for printing the brutally honest and the unparaphrasable alongside the wryly funny, and lyrics that ring clear as bells. As a staff, we?re convinced there?s no other method by which the BPJ could remain so urgent, so eclectic, and so bold. Whatever other changes we embrace, we?re steadfastly committed to the editorial practice that has proven itself with issue after issue for over 70 years."
"29 Snowflake magazine is looking for submissions of art, poetry, essays, flash fiction, photography, interviews and articles from self-identifying queer creators. We are happy to consider pieces that transcend or do not fit these mediums. Being queer already often sits outside the norm, so we encourage your pieces to do the same - really think outside the box!The submission itself should either be queer themed or from an artist who identifies as LGBTQ+ (or both!)."
"30 Humana Obscura is an independent literary magazine that seeks to publish nature-focused poetry, prose, and art by new, emerging, and established writers and artists from around the world. As our name suggests??obscured human??we focus on work where the human element is concealed but not entirely absent, aiming to revive the nature genre. Humana Obscura?s mission is to publish and promote the best work of today?s voices and talents. Our intention is to inspire readers and enrich their lives while providing an inclusive space for elevating the voices, expressions, and creative work of our contributors. Surprise us, delight us. Haunt us. Make us keep thinking about your piece long after we?ve read it or viewed it."
"31 ANMLY is committed to actively seeking out and promoting the work of marginalized and underrepresented artists, including especially people of color, women, queer, disabled, neurodivergent, and gender nonconforming artists. ANMLY is committed to encouraging experimentation in the arts. ANMLY believes in the importance of compensating artists for their work, and we are working toward financial sustainability. ANMLY focuses on especially innovative and experimental literature and arts. ANMLY is run by an entirely volunteer staff, dedicated to literature and art and the internet (well, more like literature and the art on the internet, but we?re fans of the medium, too)."
"32 The magazine was founded in 1889 by students at Cambridge University as The Granta, a periodical of student politics, badinage and literary enterprise, named after the river that runs through the town. In this original incarnation it published the work of writers like A.A. Milne, Michael Frayn, Stevie Smith, Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath. In 1979, Bill Buford and Pete de Bolla transformed Granta from a student publication to the literary quarterly it remains today. Each themed issue of Granta turns the attention of the world?s best writers on to one aspect of the way we live now. Granta is most celebrated for its ?Best of Young? issues, which introduce the most important voices of each generation ? in Britain, America, Brazil and Spain ? defining the contours of the literary landscape. Granta has published twenty-seven Nobel Prize laureates."
"33 Founded in 1986, Hayden?s Ferry Review is a semi-annual, international literary journal edited by the MFA students at Arizona State University. Work from Hayden?s Ferry Review has been included in the Pushcart Prize Anthology, Best American Poetry, and Best New Poets. HFR has notable pieces in Best American Short Stories, Best American Essays, Best American Mystery Stories, and the Pushcart Prize Anthology. To find out more about anthologies that have included pieces from Hayden?s Ferry Review, please view our complete list. Hayden?s Ferry Review looks for well-crafted work that takes risks, challenges readers, and engages us emotionally and artistically. A small portion of our publication is solicited from established authors, while the majority of our contributors are chosen from the thousands of manuscripts we receive each year."
"34 Friends Publishing Corporation was founded in 1955 ?for the purpose of promoting religious concerns of the Religious Society of Friends and the education and information of its members and others by means of the written or spoken word, including the publication of a magazine or magazines, pamphlets or other writings.? Friends Journal, the major publication of Friends Publishing Corporation, is the consolidation of two previous Quaker publications and corporations, Friends Intelligencer (Hicksite) and The Friend (Orthodox), at the time of reunification of the two yearly meetings in Philadelphia."
"35 Boston Review is a political and literary forum?a public space for discussion of ideas and culture. Independent and nonprofit, animated by hope and committed to equality, we believe in the power of collective reasoning and imagination to create a more just world. To that end, we reject the easy dispensation of predictable writing to people with whom we already agree. Instead we put a range of voices and views in dialogue on the web (always for free, with no ads or paywalls), in print (four times a year), and at public events (not just in Boston)?fostering the open and engaged exchange of ideas essential to a flourishing democracy. Convinced that the imagination breaks free from neat political categories, we cultivate a public sphere that models pluralism of thought?by loosening the hold of convention, forswearing glibness and groupthink, putting poetry alongside politics, and subjecting arguments to the constructive scrutiny of a diverse and discerning public."
"36 Apex Magazine is an online zine of fantastical fiction. We publish short stories filled with marrow and passion, works that are twisted, strange, and beautiful. Creations where secret places and dreams are put on display. We publish in two forms: an every-other-month eBook issue and a gradual release of an entire issue online over a two month period. Along with the genre short fiction, there are interviews with authors and nonfiction essays about current issues. Additionally, we produce a monthly podcast of narrated original short fiction."
"37 For over a decade, PseudoPod has been bringing you the best short horror in audio form, to take with you anywhere. We pay our authors professional rates for original fiction and we reach more people every week than any other short fiction horror market. PseudoPod is a genre magazine in audio form. We?re looking for horror: dark, weird fiction. We run the spectrum from grim realism or crime drama, to magic-realism, to blatantly supernatural dark fantasy. We publish highly literary stories reminiscent of Poe or Lovecraft as well as vulgar shock-value pulp fiction. We don?t split hairs about genre definitions, and we do not observe any taboos about what kind of content can appear in our stories. Originality demands that you?re better off avoiding vampires, zombies, and other recognizable horror tropes unless you have put a very unique spin on them. What matters most is that the stories are dark and compelling."
"38 The B?K is a quarterly art and lit, online and printed magazine prioritizing traditionally marginalized creators, but open to all."
"39 For many years, The Puritan represented both a legacy of literary excellence, and (notably in its early days), a culture that reinforced the exclusionary and marginalizing aspects of CanLit. As we transition to becoming The Ex-Puritan, the ?Ex? in our name represents an interrogation of this complex history and reminds the writer/reader that the ?story? of our publication is yet-to-be-written. Our story is collective, collaborative, never static, and always up for responsive, experimental and community-accountable change. Our emphasis on accessibility, as well as diversity and experimentation, means that the overall ""voice"" of The Ex-Puritan is never monotonous or predictable. It is and continues to be defined by the work it publishes."
"40 The Good Life Review is an independently operated, nonprofit literary journal co-founded by Shyla Shehan and a cohort of graduates of the MFA in Writing program at the University of Nebraska. In the spring of 2020, our group of writers, editors, and designers came together to craft a space intended to shine a light on the diversity in the Midwest. Now 30 members strong, the central focus of our mission remains rooted in a desire to foster a positive and inclusive literary community and help writers connect with a wider audience."
"41 Umbrella Factory Magazine is a small press and literary journal dedicated to connecting thoughtful readers with intelligent writers and poets. The magazine publishes fiction, poetry, nonfiction, and art, and is available both digitally and in print. It operates with a commitment to supporting writers and artists by allowing them to retain all rights to their work"
"42 Torch Literary Arts started as a passion project in August of 2006 by Amanda Johnston to foster a supportive community of Black women writers, emerging and experienced. Fueled by wisdom and writings from other poets, novelists, and screenwriters, the award-winning Torch Magazine emerged to amplify Black women?s voices. After the pandemic, Amanda and Torch?s board of directors realized how critical Black women?s stories are for those facing isolation, grief, and creative rebirth. After much consideration and support, Torch Literary Arts registered as a 501(c)3 nonprofit to sustain the organization and increase impact through exceptional programs that shine a light on Black women writers."
"43 Toronto Journal is a writing journal in print and sound. We publish two issues per year in the summer and the winter. WHY DOES THIS JOURNAL EXIST? Toronto Journal has two foundational goals: to dig up local history, and to publish great fiction. Each issue is book-ended by two historical pieces: we open with a non-fiction piece about some forgotten slice of local history from Toronto, the GTA, or surrounding areas, and close with an old piece of local writing from the city?s past. In between you?ll find several pieces of great fiction from anywhere in the world. As readers and writers ourselves, we read and re-read submissions in order to bring you something good. HOW IS IT DIFFERENT FROM OTHER JOURNALS? Two key things set us apart: anonymous submissions and the ?sound? bit. We are firm believers that writing should speak for itself. Once a story is written, it exists outside of the author. Yet the typical literary journal submission process requires a cover letter and an over"
44 Pictura Journal seeks work that offers a vivid snapshot of its creator?s world?work that complicates the mundane and gives quiet moments room to breathe.
"45 As an online press for dark literature, we publish our nonprofit magazine issues annually on All Hallows? Eve (Oct 31st). We also accept submissions for publication on our website under Dark Reads. There?s no theme for these submissions, however we are always interested in horror and dark fiction surrounding the thinning of the veil. Give us ghosts, ghouls, and small town cryptids. Unleash something ancient from the abandoned crypt and make us wish you hadn?t."
"46 Landfall contains literary fiction and essays, poetry, extracts from work in progress, commentary on New Zealand arts and culture, work by visual artists including photographers, and reviews of local books. Landfall is open to work by New Zealand and Pacific writers or by writers whose work has a connection to the region in subject matter or location. Work from Australian writers is occasionally included as a special feature."
"47 I launched On The Seawall in 2007 as a site for my personal page and occasional comment, but as my involvement with commentary grew along with the size of the site?s readership, On The Seawall soon evolved into a regularly refreshed book review site. In the spring of 2018, as the old and unfixable code underlying the site began to break down, I considered three options: shut it down, rebuild On The Seawall as it stands, or apply the resource and direct the site?s audience to a broader purpose. After discussing the potential with my friends, I decided to relaunch On The Seawall to accommodate diverse commentary, eclectic writing across genres, translations, and art. In particular, the site presents and discusses poetry, lyrical and speculative fiction, literature in translation, and cultural expression via essays and reviews."
